Larry is a goblin fuelled by racism, who splurge-guns young men and preseves their fingers in vinegar. DI Putsche, a student from Denver, knows he has to stop him. Putsche remembers that he actually killed the villian ten years previous and is suffering from PTSD.
When a mechanic from Hove develops a fear of height, not everybody is supportive. However, her fortunes improve when her tutor tries to star a war. Eventually, the mechanic becomes corrupted by power and wealth, bringing about her own downfall.
Aura is a presenter from Gold Coast who falls in love with her teacher. The two are separated when the teacher goes away to sea. Aura turns to drugs then accidentally overdoes and dies.
When a girl from Malaysia develops a fear of ducks, not everybody is supportive. However, her fortunes improve when her teacher opens a zoo. The girl realises her teacher is a true friend, just moments before the teacher tumbles to her death.
When a lawyer from Sunshine Coast decides to become a nun, not everybody is supportive. However, her fortunes improve when her arch enemy becomes a vet. Eventually, the lawyer manges to become a nun and earns the respect of her peers.
A graduate from Knoxville is delighted when she gets the chance to take part in the final of a talent show. However, her chances are scuppered when her baby is badly injured in a car accident. It turns out the competition is just a delusion and actually the graduate has no talent.
A waiter from Slough is delighted when she gets the chance to take part in the final of a baking competition. However, her chances are scuppered when her supper is spiked. Unexpectedly, the waiter is bitten by a zombie and therefore is disqualified from competing.
When a gentleman from Cypress decides to join the army, not everybody is supportive. However, his fortunes improve when his neighbour builds a space rocket. However, the gentleman finds change too difficult and goes back to being dissatisfied and grumpy.
In a world where vampires hold positions of power, one prince has no choice but to protect mankind by killing his own father. It turns out the vampires are all aliens in disguise.
When a cowgirl from New York learns the secret to world peace, not everybody is supportive. However, her fortunes improve when her arch enemy falls in love. It turns out the cowgirl and her arch enemy are the same person.
In a world where men rule through fear, one student has no choice but to leave facebook using a drawer full of old letters. Unfortunately, the world gets into a terrible pickle and the few survivors have to leave in a space rocket.
Katherine is a psychiatrist from Kuala Lumpur who falls in love with her best friend. The two are separated when the best friend falls into the ocean and loses her memory. Katherine realises she's actually a ghost.
Natalia is a goblin fuelled by regret, who watches children and posts their heads to their friends. DCI Yawny, a lawyer from Irving, knows she has to stop her. It turns out DCI Yawny has been dead all along.
Laini is a giant fuelled by grief, who blows raspberries at nurses and paints them green. Mrs Knite, a teacher from Akron, knows she has to stop her. Eventually, Knite captures the villian at the airport.
Dawn is an athlete from Ann Arbor who falls in love with her teacher. The two are separated when the teacher accidentally runs over an old aged pensioner and becomes too distraught to love. However, Dawn manages to rescue the situation by robbing a bank.
The hero is a sprite from Gilbert who recieves an invitation to a battle. The nemesis is a sprite who doesn't recycle. The nemesis gets the upper hand and the hero retires from heroics.
The hero is a worlock from Kyiv who is particularly good at magic. The nemesis is a worlock who smells like cheese. The hero gets the support of millions of ordinary people and gains the upper hand.
In a world where apes have infiltrated the government, one man has no choice but to save mankind by killing his own ex-wife. It turns out all the apes were a manifestations of the man's multiple personality disorder and his real fight is one to regain sanity.
The hero is a prince from Dearborn who is afraid of spiders. The nemesis is a prince who is exceptionally arrogant. It turns out the hero is just a toy.
A chef from Trowbridge is delighted when he gets the chance to take part in the final of Britain's Got Talent. However, his chances are scuppered when his car breaks down on the way to the competition. In an angry rage, the chef kills his step-brother.